What have you done?
Nothing.
It's just a game and a dream
You stinky security guard
Relatives dare to violate me
I deliberately killed you
Stinky security I tell you you're done
I'll call the police right away to arrest you
You call, the sheriff is here
By the way, send me an award for seeing it.
What do you mean?
You still have the face to ask me
Yesterday it was you who got together with a Jia Yihuang
I saved you from Jia Yihuang
Jia Yihuang also gave you medicine
Me too.
Saved you from a miserable state
Is it piled up?
Why the hell are you?
Why was I ruined by a stinky security guard?
You really don't know what's good or bad
I should have recorded you yesterday
Take a good look at it for you
How did you beg me?
No you don't say
You are typically crossing a river and demolishing a bridge.
You jerk
I warn you to forget what happened today and never mention it again
It's not that I want you to look good
You stupid woman
I am the true emperor